Add deployment of documentation on github pages to CI (#189)
Happy-Algorithms-League/hal-cgp: README.rst

	   :target: https://github.com/psf/black
.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Happy-Algorithms-League/python-gp/badge.svg?branch=master
	   :target: https://coveralls.io/github/Happy-Algorithms-League/python-gp?branch=master

> .. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/ansicolortags/badge/?version=latest

Reviewer: does this badge break if the docs are not built correctly?

Author: No, this badge is "stolen" from readthedocs, so it will not change, it's a static picture. However, we're testing the documentation build in CI, so we'll (almost certainly) never have breaking documentation on master.

Reviewer: excellent, thanks!

Basic usage
===========

> For the detailed documentation, please refer to [https://happy-algorithms-league.github.io/hal-cgp/](https://happy-algorithms-league.github.io/hal-cgp/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed documentation, please refer to [https://happy-algorithms-league.github.io/hal-cgp/](https://happy-algorithms-league.github.io/hal-cgp/). Here we only provide a preview.
```
or something like that to keep the reader reading ;)

Author: Thanks. Done.
